Randomization Params (#26)
Unity-Technologies/SynthDet: docs/UnityGroceriesSyntheticRandomizationParams.md

# UnityGroceries - Synthetic Randomization Parameters

SynthDet follows a curriculum strategy for generating data. The full dataset is 
generated using a sequence of scale factors, generally starting with objects 
that are larger and gradually growing smaller. For a complete description of the 
SynthDet curriculum, see the following paper: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.09967.pdf. 

> For public UnityGroceries - Synthetic dataset we generated nearly around 5k

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the UnityGroceries - Synthetic dataset we generated almost 5k
```
Should clarify if this means "almost" or "about" 5k images
